Update developer_setup.md (#23274)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-go: documentation/developer_setup.md

### Scrubbing Secrets

> Recording files live in the assets repository (`github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-assets`) and mustn't contain secrets. We use sanitizers with regular expression replacements to prevent recording secrets. The test proxy has many built-in sanitizers enabled by default. However, you may need to add your own by calling functions from the `recording` package. These functions generally take three parameters: the test instance (`t *testing.T`), the value to be removed (ie. an account name or key), and the value to use in replacement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recording files live in the assets repository (`github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-assets`) and must not contain secrets. We use sanitizers with regular expression replacements to prevent recording secrets. The test proxy has many built-in sanitizers enabled by default. However, you may need to add your own by calling functions from the `recording` package. These functions generally take three parameters: the test instance (`t *testing.T`), the value to be removed (ie. an account name or key), and the value to use in replacement.
```

| URI Sanitizer | `AddURISanitizer(value, regex string, options *RecordingOptions)` |
| URI Subscription ID Sanitizer | `AddURISubscriptionIDSanitizer(value string, options *RecordingOptions)` |

> You may also need to remove a built-in sanitizer overwriting a non-secret value needed by a test. To do this, call `RemoveRegisteredSanitizers` to with a list of sanitizer IDs such as "AZSDK3430". See the [test proxy documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/blob/main/tools/test-proxy/Azure.Sdk.Tools.TestProxy/Common/SanitizerDictionary.cs) for a complete list of all the built-in sanitizers and their IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also need to remove a built-in sanitizer overwriting a non-secret value needed by a test. To do this, call `RemoveRegisteredSanitizers` with a list of sanitizer IDs such as "AZSDK3430". See the [test proxy documentation](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-tools/blob/main/tools/test-proxy/Azure.Sdk.Tools.TestProxy/Common/SanitizerDictionary.cs) for a complete list of all the built-in sanitizers and their IDs.
```
